Everything To Me 
by Avalon 

Song details 
Name Everything To Me 
Artist(s) Avalon 
Album(s) Testify To Love: The Very Best Of Avalon (2003) 
Submitter Natalie Johnson (babsrem@yahoo.com) 

Song lyrics 
I grew up in sunday school 
I memorized the golden rule 
And how Jesus came to set the sinner free (sinner free). 
I know the story inside out 
I can tell you all about 
The path that lead him up on Calvary 

But ask me why He loves me 
And I don’t know what to say, 
But I’ll never be the same because 
He changed my life when He became… 

(Chorus) 
Everything to me! (everything to me) 
He’s more than a story (more than a story) 
More than words on a page of history. 
He’s the air that I breathe, (air that I breathe) 
The water I thirst for, (water I thirst for) 
And the ground beneath my feet 
He’s everything, everything to me! (Ahhh, Ooooh, Ahhh, Ooooh) 

(Verse 2 – Up one chord) 
We’re living in uncertain times 
And more and more I find that I’m 
Aware of just how fragile life can be. 
I want to tell the world I found 
The love that turned my life around 
They need to know that they can taste and see. 
Now everyday I’m praying 
Just to give my heart away (to give away my life) 
I want to live for Jesus 
So that someone else might see that He is… 

(Chorus) 
Everything, everything (ev’rything to me) 
He’s more than a story (…to me) 
More than words on a page of history 
(The air that I breathe) He’s the air that I breathe (air that I breathe) 
The water I thirst for (water I thirst for) 
And the ground beneath my feet 
Oh, He’s everything! (Oh , He’s everything!) 

And looking back over my life at the end 
(I’m going to be…) I’ll go to meet you saying you’ve been… 

(Refrain) 
You’re everything to me (ohhhh) 
More than a story (ohhh) 
(More than…) More than words on a page of history (history) (history)… 

(Chorus - Up one chord) 
You’re everything to me! (everything to me) 
You’re more than a story (more than a story) 
More than words on a page of history. 
You’re the air that I breathe (the air that I breathe) 
The water I thirst for (thirst for) 
And the ground beneath my feet 
You’re (everything) everything! Lord, You’re everything to me! 
(Everything to me) (The Water I thirst for) 
You’re everything to me, Jesus! Ohhhh! 
(Everything to me) (Water I thirst for) 
The Air I breathe, the Sun I see…Ohhhh! 
(Everything to me) Everything to me! 
You’re my Life, my Love, Everything.

